----annotations----
started and finished "Learn Git Branching" tutorials on February 26
started and finished "Visualizing Git" on February 27
started and finished the rest of the Git lab tutorials (git setup) on February 27

My GitHub account was created in May 2025

-------------------


1. $ git push
Enumerating objects: 9, done.
Counting objects: 100% (9/9), done.
Delta compression using up to 20 threads
Compressing objects: 100% (5/5), done.
Writing objects: 100% (7/7), 729 bytes | 729.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 7 (delta 2), reused 0 (delta 0), pack-reused 0 (from 0)
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (2/2), completed with 1 local object.
To https://github.com/Stef1500/assignment2.git
   f4975e5..3807b75  master -> master

2. There have been a total of 9 commits made to this repository, this was found using the command "git log --oneline"

3. The README was last modified on Fri Feb 27 13:00:35 2026 -0500. This was found using the command "git log -- README.md"

4. Branches are useful because they let you work on the project without affect the main code, you can make a copy of the code to 
   add new features or fix bugs. Branches also allow developers to work in parallel, which means that multiple developers can work
   on the project at the same time.

5. git log returns a history of all commits made in the repository, and it can also track when a file was last modified. On the other hand,
   git status returns the current state of the working directory, where git tells the user all modified, tracked, and untracked files.

6. to track commits where Vehicle.h was one of the committed files I would use "git log -- Vehicle.h"

7. I would use "git log --grep="file"

8. Inheritance is where a child class inherits the attributes and methods of a parent class. Polymorphism is where a parent class has a method
   that child classes can implement differently, allowing a function to work with different data types. Encapsulation is where direct access 
   to the data of a class is restricted, making attributes private while having public methods to access those attributes.

9. In the "Dictator and Lieutenants" workflow, there is a clear hierarchy where developers pull from the blessed repository, push their changes to 
   their respective lieutenant repository, where they merge and solve any arising conflicts, and push their versions to the dictator repository. The
   dictator then merges changes in the lieutenant repository, solves any conflicts, and pushes the final change to the blessed repository, which only
   the dictator can access. On the other hand, in the integration manager workflow, the developers work on their own private repositories, then they
   push their changes into their own public repository, where the integration manager pulls, merges, and solves any conflicts to then push the final
   commit to the blessed repository.

10. A team of 100 developers would benefit more from the "Dictator and lieutenants" workflow because merging the changes and solving conflicts 
   of 100 developer would be too much for a single integration manager, while in the "Dictator and lieutenants" workflow, there are several lieutenants
   that can divide the work evenly and focus on specific areas, scaling better than the "centralized" workflow.